DOCSP-33956: atomic typos fy2024-q4 (#148)
mongodb/docs-kafka-connector: source/source-connector/usage-examples/custom-pipeline.txt

Example
-------

> Suppose you are coordinating an event and must collect names and arrival times

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Suppose you are coordinating an event and want to collect names and arrival times
```
